oh hey guys I'm gonna do a review on my
school supplies that you just got
yesterday and my school bag has four
pouches in total so I'm gonna start with
this one and in this one I just have
another pouch which has just my
highlighters and my pens and in the next
one I have my crayons I like to keep
them in here because I don't want them
to get you know brush and in here and a
little more I just have three erase
markers and in my supply I have seven Oh
clicks their wide world
I'm 70 sheets one subject and I just
have like different a variety of colors
because we have in total seven subjects
and I have two packages of wide rule of
loose-leaf paper I have a box of 20
pencils and I have Elmer's glue and I
have four washable sticks uh Boop
my pencil punch some red scissors which
are seven inches this is really awesome
sharpener I just tested it out and it's
awesome I had 25 topper erasers my ruler
which is inches and centimeters um both
and I have several folders and I have my
little pony one I have a monster love
one sorry this is in the light I have a
tiger one penguin really cute kitty one
Hello Kitty and um LEGO Friends and I
have some orange sticky notes and some
disinfecting wipes and that's it so hope
you guys enjoyed this video please like
rate comment and subscribe to my new
channel thanks for watching bye